release: v0.8.10 (#61)
rstudio/py-shinylive: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.8.10] - 2026-07-28

> * Updated to Shinylive web assets 0.10.13, which bundle Shiny for Python 1.6.4. That release fixes a path-traversal vulnerability in bookmark restore (CWE-22).

Author: ```suggestion
* Updated to Shinylive web assets 0.10.13, which bundles Shiny for Python 1.6.4.
```
